[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
going to share with you something that
I've actually been wanting to share for
a while now and that is a haul of all
the things that I bought while I was at
a local festival there is a huge
festival that happens in my region every
year called Kemp and fest because it's
held on Kempenfelt Bay and it is this
huge huge huge festival of artisans and
craftspeople and things like that so if
you want to get handmade things or
skincare or candles and things like that
from small businesses or from
individuals who just have a passion for
making that kind of thing that's a
really great place to go I haven't
missed it in a large number of years so
last year I picked up a few things and I
shared those with you I tried the B by
the C shampoo and conditioner and can't
remember what else I only picked up a
couple of things because the festival
had had this huge there was this big
deal going on and it was very confusing
and it was hard to find all the things
that I wanted to find but this year went
it went a lot more smoothly and
everybody was much easier to find and
access and things and there were tons
and tons and tons it was so exciting to
be able to talk to them and to find out
about their products and to find out
what they are up to and what they're
going to be coming out with next and how
they recommend using the product because
well it's always great to find things
online and then I'll normally email and
talk to the somebody from the company
for a while it's really great to be able
to speak in person in an event like that
where they're just they have the chance
to show how passionate they are about
the product and why they selected the
ingredients they selected and why those
specific ingredients are special are
they organic are they have they shown a
lot of success have they talked to other
people with rosacea that kind of thing
so I thought it would be a lot of fun to
share my home with you because even
though it's been quite a while since
this actually happened I haven't been
able to try anything I haven't been able
to test any of this stuff out so I'm so
excited to get going with it there's
only there's one thing that I tried
because I bought two of it and I have
one open already but I will share the
entire list with
you so that you can see what I'm about
to get into over the next little while
and what I will be showing what I will
be reviewing for you maybe I'll go in
chronological order from basically the
order of you know progressing through
camp and fest okay so the first place
that I stopped was called Terra Bella
Naturals the the owner of that company
was at the booth and she creates
everything she makes it all by hand
beautiful stuff and I got my very first
bath bomb there it is lavender it's got
lavender on the top and it's purple I
don't know if you can see that if my
camera is even zooming on it I hope you
can because it's absolutely gorgeous it
smells amazing I'm really looking
forward to trying a bath bomb for the
very first time but um she also had a
lip balm that is the company name oh
she's from Barrie Ontario and look at
that the ingredients are just soy wax
castor oil and cocoa butter and that's
super simple this is the unscented one
she had a lot of different ones they're
worth chocolate I think and I can't even
remember all of them she does have a
website if you want to look her up and I
believe she's creating a Facebook page
she was talking about because she wanted
to really open up discussions and talk
to people like she was talking to people
at the festival she wanted to be able to
have that kind of interaction so that's
terrible and naturals if I find the
website or I have already seen it if I
can if I remember to list the website in
the description for this video then I
will do that so you can find her but yep
so looking forward to giving this a try
looking forward to trying my very first
bath bomb she I will tell you how it
goes next I went to another booth with
another absolutely wonderful person this
company was called pure soaps and the
website is right on there I will try to
remember to put that in the description
for this video and again I got a bath
balm and this one is the lavender goat
milk bath bomb beautiful ingredients
they're all just fine with my skin and
it smells much softer it smell the same
kind of lavender as this one as the
terrible and naturals but it's it's a
kind of gentler toned down version of it
I'm assuming that's because of the
goat's milk this one is from Brampton
Ontario she was so lovely to talk to I
wished I could try so much more of her
stuff I was trying to just get one or
two from basically all the booths that
look good to me but she was so into her
products she had a huge ton of different
kinds of handmade soaps and bath bombs
and I think they had a beard oil and
things like that lots and lots of great
stuff lovely person really knew her
stuff and knew her ingredients she said
that this is a really popular product
she also has I think one of her most
popular ones that it really cracked me
up she had a soap cult I think it was
monkey farts it was um it was a banana
scented one and it actually it didn't
have that candy banana smell it actually
smells really nice and if I'd known 100%
that it wouldn't irritate my crazy crazy
sensitive skin I would have picked one
up because it was like she's just so
lovely and it just smelled so good but I
went for the goat's milk and lavender
because I felt a lot safer with that and
I was kind of just playing it safe this
time so I will let you know how that
goes as well really looking forward to
trying out bath bombs especially as the
weather gets cooler into the fall not
quite there yet but I am looking forward
to it so next I went to be by the sea I
went there last year as well and picked
up their shampoo and conditioner which I
really liked so I thought I would try
out their body wash this time let's see
if there's their ingredients are on the
back right here I don't know if my
camera is going to decide to focus on
that oh there we go look at that so yep
and there's their website at the bottom
down there and I did really because I
liked their shampoo so much and I like
their conditioner I thought it would be
fun to give this one a try as well this
one is from Simcoe also very Ontario
like the first one and they have their
SLS free paraben free Valley free
mineral oil free petroleum free and have
no animal testing and that's all
wonderful stuff I did really like how
absolutely Jen gentle and things the
shampoo and conditioner were
my hair I really liked the smell of it
this one actually has the same fragrance
in it which is a hundred percent pure
sweet almond oil so it's not a chemical
fragrance or anything it is almond oil
and that's why it's in there so I think
that's perfectly lovely if it smells
just like the shampoo then I know that I
will like the smell of this and I'm
looking forward to testing it out and
getting back to you about it next to a
booth from afar organics which is a part
of skin licious soaps and I got this I
thought I'd take a risk on this one this
is an all-natural deodorant it's not an
any purse print I try not to use that I
use it very very infrequently
and I haven't actually used one in
several months so I'm pretty much all
just on deodorant now and I do love that
this is aluminum free this doesn't have
any paraben parabens no alcohol and no
propylene glycol it also doesn't have
any artificial fragrance or
preservatives and this one is the I
believe it's the lavender scent yeah it
says natural lavender in giant letters
so I was looking you know all around
here to find lavender and it's it's the
really big one but it's by a company
called skin licious soaps and they gave
me this coupon thing for any of their
other events but oh I hope that I will
see them again next year because I will
be happy to use this they aren't their
contact information is right on there so
I will share that with you and I will
try to remember to put it in the
description for the video as well here
are the ingredients in this product so
it is all-natural it looks super gentle
and I'm really looking forward to trying
it this is from Burlington Ontario
apparently everything I'm trying is from
a place that starts with a B in Ontario
but I'm hoping that you know I saw the
sample that was there and they liked
that they had a sample one that you
could open up and test it out and smell
it and all that kind of stuff so I did
smell the the one that was there and I
smell beautiful so I am looking forward
to giving this a try
I'm just waiting to finish my current
deodorant before I get this one going
I'm hoping that I will absolutely love
this because I really like how natural
it is and the smell of the lavender is
just beautiful there is quite a lavender
vein going on here but I swear I do use
other things as well
I went to my I think the next place I
went was run to a booth from a company
called Wellington maid they had tons of
different kinds of products and
different kinds of interesting things
that you can eat and sample and the one
that really stood out to me because I
love sea buckthorn so much is they
actually have a product that has sea
buckthorn in it and they are from Elora
Ontario we broke away from the bee trend
this has sea buckthorn juice and pure
cane sugar in it basically because it's
super super kind of sour and tangy if
you drink it by itself so they're trying
to make it a little bit more palatable
you put a tiny little bit of it I think
it says it's somewhere on here to do yep
it's just that one serving is about two
teaspoons so you put two teaspoons in
whatever it is that you want to however
it is that you want to eat it you can
just take it as a spoonful if you want
to take it like a a dose of sea
buckthorn in your day or I like adding
it to just fizzy water just like club
soda and then it's kind of a it's kind
of like having soda with it and like a
pop without having to have like the ton
of sugar when I was talking to the lady
who worked there she was talking about
all the different kinds of recipe some
things you can work it into I can see
this being really good in glazes and
things like that or just sauces salad
dressing stuff like that so far I've
only tried it in different kinds of
fizzy water I've tried it in lime fizzy
water I've tried it in grapefruit fizzy
water and I've tried it in regular fizzy
water and I've really liked it that way
so I haven't monkeyed around with it too
much I haven't had too much time but I
got this one and I got another bottle
which is the one that's open because you
have to refrigerate it once it's open
and then I got another bottle of it for
my best friend for her birthday so super
I like this a lot I don't normally like
things that have sugar added to them and
things but I can see why they did that
it makes it more fun and when you're
just having a little bit of it the sugar
is not going to kill you so their
website is on here as well let me find
it so that I can share that because I've
been sharing all the other ones oh there
it is it's just right there it's
Wellington made calm if this ever clears
up there we go yay and yep definitely
worth checking out it's really yummy
stuff
and its bonus that it's just good for
you too where did I go next oh there we
are I went to love North this was a
place that I really wanted to check out
all these places I checked out their
website before going so because um the
camp and fest website tells you who all
the sellers are so I went to the
basically the skincare and soaps and all
that stuff section and I checked out all
their websites before I went saw that
I'd be armed with information and I
remembered about half of it but yep and
I had noticed that there was a place
that actually had face masks meant for a
very very sensitive and dry skin which
is what I wanted because I find that a
lot of face masks other than the sheet
masks the Masum cells that have clay and
things and it normally will strip oils
out of your skin and I know a lot of
people want that when they have very
very oily skin but my skin is crazy dry
like I'm always joking about how it gets
so dry that I could file my nails on it
because it's like sandpaper because of
that my skin does not react at all well
two things that kind of strip and all
the excess oils out because I don't have
any excess oils so I went for the mask
that they have for that which is the
love North that kaolin and carrot mask I
could be saying that wrong I just
thought saw had been calling it the
carrot mask it's this second that I
noticed that it actually has another
ingredient listed there or another name
listed there this that it is good for
helping to remove dead skin cells
hydrates the skin and softens the skin
skin types it's good for is dry and
sensitive it's free from parrot parabens
silicon artificial fragrance mineral oil
propylene glycol and chemicals as Cailin
white clay I hope I'm saying that right
it's let me let me do a zoom in here so
that you can see it so that you can see
what I'm probably butchering pretty
badly but there we are so that's what
it's called and that's the type of clay
that it's made with it is a powder at
the moment this is not like a paste or
anything yet OOP I went blurry there we
go so it has the clay the Kailen Kailen
clay and it has chamomile flower powder
and carrot seed oil that's the whole
thing so it's just the three ingredients
and I have heard that chamomile is
really really good for rosacea I have
yet to test that
any real capacity oh I have a meaning to
try that out anyway and it's kind of
nice that that it's one of the
ingredients in here so it says that in a
clean dish mix one tablespoon of this
face mask and one tablespoon of water
with a bamboo brush or any clean
cosmetic brush into a make that into a
thick paste apply it in a gentle
sweeping motion avoiding the eye contour
area let the mask dry for 10 to 15
minutes before rinsing with warm water
and then it says optional finish with
the love north facial serum or face
cream and while I did actually really
want to try one of the serums it's like
their carrot serum I have so many
different things to try out right now
that I'm not gonna hit that I haven't
tried yet that I really want to use
those up before because I would really
be heartbroken if some of the things
that I have lined up to try out expire
before I even get to them so if they are
going to be a Kemp investigan next year
or maybe I'll just head to their website
I will give their stuff a try at some
point but for now I just wanted to do
the masks because you know how I love
trying out masks and if I find another
great one and it's all natural and it's
somewhat local where from Canadian it
says Made in Canada but so so and again
super nice all the people I talked to it
all these companies were so nice and so
knowledgeable and just ready to share
what they know about their products and
finally the last place we were actually
just on our way out of there and I
thought that I had missed the place and
I had not found it but then there it was
it was earth to body skin nutrition and
it's the dead sea salt spa this is for
bath you can see what it looks like
it's basically oily and gritty and it
has lots and lots of salts in there so I
don't know if this will zoom in on the
ingredients but I will try and there we
go so if you want to read that then
you'll probably want to pause it because
I have shaky hands but those are the
ingredients in the directions I'm just
really excited about giving this a try
and let's see it says dead sea salt
sweet almond oil French green clay
chlorophyll vitamin E lavender and lemon
seed extract it smelled very light and
fresh I didn't
that it was a burst of lavender for
example that the bath bombs have it's a
very very very gentle kind of experience
and you can use it in your bath you can
put it directly into the water or you
can actually use it as a bit of a gentle
scrub on your body and then basically
let it dissolve into the bath once
you've kind of giving yourself a scrub
down that's how I plan to use it because
I haven't had a really good I haven't
found a really good body scrub that I
like since I completely stopped using
anything with those little plastic
microbeads haven't used those in years
super proud that I haven't used those in
years but haven't found a really good
replacement for them either there's one
actually that I did find it was a
product from New Zealand that I really
fell in love with and then they want
have a business so apparently my
business alone wasn't enough but yep so
I'm hoping that this will be a really
great alternative to that they are at
natural dot CA and I will let you know
how this goes as well and they gave me a
pamphlet with all their information on
it it looks almost like a menu with all
of their different ingredients and
things but there it's also all on their
website so I do recommend dropping over
there and visiting it if you want to
check them out and they read natural dot
CA there they are
that's them they are from Ottawa Ontario
so the capital of Canada yeah so that
would be everything that I got super big
hole for me it was a lot of fun this
year talking to everybody and finding
out what I should give a try and things
like that and it was still a lot of fun
to find a lot of products to try even
though I've kind of found a groove with
my actual skin care this sort of
cleansing and moisturizing idea but it
was great to find other things other
kinds of skin care for the rest of the
body or for you know special things like
masks and stuff like that to try out
because that's always fun it's nice to
have kind of pampering kind of things as
well as the regular skin care and that's
hard when you have rosacea but yeah so
this was my very very long blather about
all the different stuff that I got at
camp and fest and the reviews that will
be coming up so that I will be telling
you what I thought about each of those I
hope this was interesting it was so fun
sharing all of this with you um this is
pretty much my first haul video I've
ever done so I hope I did it justice but
yeah so I hope this is interesting too
I hope you liked it if you did like it
please give me a thumbs up and that way
I will know that this is the kind of
video you like if you've tried any of
these I would love to hear about it or
if you um have a product that you always
get at festivals or from really small
companies like this I would love it if
you would share that in the comments
because I'm always clearly interested in
that sort of thing if you did like this
video or you like other kinds of videos
like this I hope you'll subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already because I
make new videos every Sunday and most
Thursdays and than that I will see you
next time
[Music]